---
aliases: [paas_fas]
tags: [paper, pad, deep-fas-survey, specialized-sensor]
authors: Yu Tian, Kunbo Zhang, Leyuan Wang, Zhenan Sun
year: 2020
venue: ICAIP '20: Proceedings of the 4th International Conference on Advances in Image Processing
paper_url: https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3441250.3441254
code_url: 
status: "📚 To Read"
dateadded: 2025-11-26
dateread: 
priority: medium
---
# Face Anti-Spoofing by Learning Polarization Cues in a Real-World Scenario

> [!abstract]
> Face anti-spoofing is the key to preventing security breaches in biometric recognition applications. Existing face anti-spoofing approaches usually well recognize the spoofing attacks when testing in particular datasets. But the performance drops drastically when it comes to the actual scene. In this paper, we try to boost the generalizability capability by learning the polarization features of human faces in real-time. A human face anti-spoofing method suitable for real scenario has been proposed, which resists spoofing attacks by automatically learning the physical characteristics of polarized biometric images. A computational framework is developed to extract and classify the unique face polarized features using convolutional neural networks and SVM together. Extensive experiments demonstrate the advantages of our real-time polarized face anti-spoofing (PAAS) technique to counter diverse face spoofing attacks (print, replay, mask) in uncontrolled indoor and outdoor conditions after learning the polarized face information of 108 people. A four-directional polarized face image dataset (CASIA-DOLP) is released to inspire future applications within biometric anti-spoofing field.

## What does the paper present?
- **Backbone:** MobileNetV2
- **Loss:** Contrastive loss, SVM
- **Input:** Four-directional polarized face image
- **Static/Dynamic:** S

What problem does this paper address?

*Describe the model/approach*

*What's new/different from prior work?*

*Key metrics and performance*

*What components were tested?*

*Anything useful for implementing this*

- [[]]

- [[]]

- [[]]

## What are my views on it?
*My thoughts on the paper*

*How does this relate to my PAD research?*

>

- Figure X:

$$
$$

*Discussions with advisor/colleagues about this paper*

- [ ]
- [ ]

---
**Reading Progress:**
- [ ] Abstract
- [ ] Introduction
- [ ] Related Work
- [ ] Methodology
- [ ] Experiments
- [ ] Conclusion
- [ ] Supplementary Material
