# 2025-10-07 - Tuesday

## ðŸŒ… Morning Routine
- [ ] Wake up at 6:00 AM
- [ ] Brush teeth by 6:15 AM
- [ ] Drink water
- [ ] Shambhavi Mahamudra (40 min)
- [ ] Prepare food
- [x] Leave for work by 8:00 AM

## ðŸŽ¯ Today's Top 3
1. [ ] Plan on the [[10 Mobai (Work)/1 Projects/Pipeline Refactoring/Index]] 
2. [ ] Go through https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laaBLUxJUMY
3. [ ] Go through https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHVR587oW8I

## ðŸ’¼ Work Log (Mobai)
**Standup:**
- Yesterday: 
- Today: 
- Blockers: 

**Progress:**
- Planned the refactor for the pipeline: https://gitlab.com/mobaibio/research-and-development/presentation-attack-detection/pad_candidates/-/blob/feat/v2.0/refactor_v2.md?ref_type=heads&plain=0
- Talked with hassan on the entire pipeline and what he needs and came up with the refactoring plan.
- Labelled few samples in label studio.

**Notes:**
- 

## ðŸ”¬ PhD Work (8-10 PM)
**Focus:** Understanding basics of deep learning.

**Progress:**
- Understood why we minimise cross entropy. It's derivation from the kullback-leibler divergence term. 
- New perspective on entropy as a surprise factor <- this was the most interesting thing.

**Papers Read:**
- 

**Concepts Learned:**
- KL-Divergence and entropy's relation
- Probability distribution

## ðŸƒ Wellness
- [x] Gym (30 min) - Returned by 3:15 PM
- [ ] Shambhavi Mahamudra evening (25 min)
- [x] NoFap day âœ“
- [ ] Quality time with wife (dinner & stroll)
- [ ] Quality time in bed

## ðŸŒŸ Daily Reflection
**What went well:**
- Ran / walked for 2km in 16:18 mins
- did some pushups and 5 second dead hang (Atleast its a start)

**What to improve:**
- Improve the stamina and speed. Heart rate today was 190 just after first 5 mins.

**Grateful for:**
- My beautiful, gorgeous, sweet sweet wife.
- My great parents and my idiot still sweet little sister.

**Tomorrow's priority:**
- Generate jira tasks in morning for refactoring the pipeline. (I have already created the epic but need to fill up tasks in it.)


## ðŸ”— Linked Notes
- 

---
Tags: #daily #2025 #2025-10
